Those people have already explained it
Never come out again
live wood
Give me Xiaoqi
Don't worry.
I will never let him be bullied again
From Mute to Shen Tinglan
Probably no one can recognize it
At that time
I don't want to meet people
I don't want to talk
If I hadn't met your little sun
I might actually become dumb
It's not bad to become a little dumb god
As long as Miss Xu doesn't dislike it
I can become dumb
But
I'm afraid you can't leave me even more
Shen Tianlan
I will not feel sorry for or pity someone
Just fall in love with him
Just because that person is you
That's why I keep walking towards you
Do you understand?
pity
How about you for me?
It's like a dream
I'm not afraid I'll wake up alone
I'm afraid I'm not by your side
You will have a bad time
You are my salvation
The moon is here
Shen Tianlan, the thing I regret the most
Just to provoke you